[CodeCamp] Add docs about how to freeze the weight of backbone or neck (#418)
open-mmlab/mmyolo: docs/en/advanced_guides/how_to.md

)
```

#### Freeze the weight of backbone or neck

> In MMYOLO, we can freeze some 'stages' of the backbone network by setting' frozen_stages' parameters, so that these 'stages' parameters do not participate in model updating.
> It should be noted that 'frozen_stages = i' means that all parameters from the initial 'stage' to the 'ith' layer 'stage' will be frozen. The following is a demonstration of 'YOLOv5' as an example, and other algorithms have the same logic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In MMYOLO, we can freeze some `stages` of the backbone network by setting `frozen_stages` parameters, so that these `stage` parameters do not participate in model updating.
It should be noted that `frozen_stages = i` means that all parameters from the initial `stage` to the `i`<sup>th</sup> `stage` will be frozen. The following is an example of `YOLOv5`. Other algorithms are the same logic.
```

```python
_base_ = './yolov5_s-v61_syncbn_8xb16-300e_coco.py'

model = dict(
    backbone=dict(
        frozen_stages=1 # Indicates that the parameters in the first stage and all stages before it are frozen
    ))
```

> In addition, MMYOLO can also use the parameter 'freeze_all' to freeze the whole 'neck' part of the parameter. The following is an example of 'YOLOv5' to demonstrate, other algorithms are the same logic:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition, it's able to freeze the whole `neck` with the parameter `freeze_all` in MMYOLO. The following is an example of `YOLOv5`. Other algorithms are the same logic.
```
